i Peter from competence your baking
specialist today in honor in delish
rugby team visitors I will be making
cupcake decorated with the English Rose
firstly today you'll be needing plain a
nice cupcake some icing white green and
red plastic scraper icing sugar some
cutters a little bit of water and a nice
plastic even surface for rolling on
rolling pin and then just some apricot
jam for our sticking of our basing
together the stage of our decorating of
our cupcake will be rolling out some
white icing just lightly dust with icing
sugar your surface and the top of your
icing and we will roll to approximately
two millimeters thick
a nice round even surface already loosen
it from the bottom of the board gently I
have here some apricot jam which I will
use to coat our cupcake with to enable
the icing to stick be very neat when
you're cutting when you're coating this
already for the cutter place firmly on
the board cutting all the way through
releasing the icing and ready for our
top and we placed on like so smooth
hint just like that the stage of the
cupcake we're going to begin with our
green colored icing for us theme I will
roll off just a little piece of green
icing just with your hands get a nice
point on it just to make it easy for
yourselves
just into on your hand get a nice theme
get it even as possible and lay it flat
on your board with a little bit of water
just wet the surface that we want it to
stick to on our icing for our cupcake
trim it down slightly and place the stem
on our cupcake so for the Leafs
we will be doing to roll into a ball
first once you have the ball use the
back of your hand to make a flat tool
box loop two millimeters thick keep it
loose I then have just a fluted cutter
you can bend your cutter to make a shape
of a leaf doing one half then do the
other half to create a leaf like effect
and then we want you lines in it and
also with the area of your cupcake and
to lay the leaf appropriately on your
crab cakes like
for this part of our English Rose is the
making of the Rose soften up your red
coloring roll it into a hot dog and
we're doing a 5 little rose today so I
need 5 petals 1 2 5 roll into a ball
place onto your board and just give it a
little press down to get a star once you
give to this stage and you have all 5 on
your bench base get a nice flexible
plastic scraper and just push down on
one half of your circle to make the
start of your petals I'm going to loosen
my petals from the board with the back
of my palette knife
and start with the biggest petal you
have and what on one finger gently roll
up to form the base and the center on
your rose once we have completed that we
will start picking up and laying
together that's in half a centimeter
apart and laying them on your fingertip
with the center keeping it all in line
to the top and moving around and
covering it up the center of your rose
and around would motion using all four
petals and even as possible as we work
our way around once we at this stage we
can make the bowl of the Rose by just
rolling it in between your fingers so
you have this sort of effect at this
stage the back of your finger you just
want to peel back a little metre of the
petal to all of the leaves and petals to
make it look the real effect
once I finished that was my thumb and
forefinger I'll just pinch the tip of
our leaves to give it that authentic
rose
and then we have our rose
we've reached the final stage of our
English Rose we now have petals in the
stalk and our classical version Rose
gently wit the area you want your rose
to sit in grammar palette knife put one
finger behind Rose and just cut the
bottom off gently so it sits in your
palette knife and place on to your
cupcake without squashing the Rose and
voila we have English Rose cupcakes
you